Here is a list of Descriptions for each project, with their current state:

Access Control: This program is incomplete, and was used as a learning tool for figuring out potential
password systems, as well as password storing systems. This was one of the few programs during High School
where I experimented with object oriented programming, in a relatively weird way, looking back on it. 

attemptedforkbomb: This was a gag joke where I tried to program a non-malicious semi-fork bomb while 
learning about how multithreading worked in java. Surprisingly, it is actually somewhat effective at being
a fork bomb, even though it doesn't utilize fork, only a set amount of threads that create a bunch of
JFrames. I actually have a hard time clicking on other applications other than the IDE that I'm running it
on. 

Calculator: This was a relatively early program where I learned to program a calculator in Java. It is
mostly functional, although I've noticed that it does seem as if it as a couple bugs, from use cases that
I probably didn't consider when I was writing it. Additionally, the UI is one of the more broken ones, as
it was designed on MacOS with tight tolerances for text. 

Counter: This program was written as a tally counter for when I was counting things, as all I had to do was
click every time I counted something. 

Drawing: This program was one of many programs that I gave myself only a few weeks to try out (I scheduled
a bunch of stuff ahead of time for when I was to submit deliverables and projects). As a result, I wasn't
able to actually develop anything resembling a drawing program and only got the basics of the UI done.
The icons took a while, as I was relatively new to pixel art. The biggest takeaway from this project that
I've had was the research that I did, as well as how to change the cursor to something different. Also,
looking at this program on windows, it seems as if something is messing with the graphics in windows, 
as some modified cursors look pretty hideous, when compared to the pngs and the same cursors on MacOS.

firstattempt: This was my first major program, where I made an ordering system for an old SkillsUSA prompt.
I took this as an opportunity to learn more about GUIs in Java. It does seem as if this program seems to
be slightly broken, as I didn't add labels for each box (apparently), and the logs aren't fully featured.
Additionally, some smaller windows did not take kindly to the transition to Windows, as text is cut off.
Overall, this is kind of a really bad design of a program, both in frontend and backend, but it's fine
for what was my first program. 

Food Program: This is a remake of firstattempt, as part of the requirements of the SkillsUSA locals
competition. I utilized object oriented programming a lot more, with significantly better, but still not
good, design of the frontend and backend. For this program I did have labels for each section, with a more
usable interface for receipts and logs, although I did remove taxes (bc nobody likes taxes, lol). As this
program is less cramped, for the receipts and secondary windows, it took better to the transition to
Windows. Additionally, one thing that I'm kinda proud of was the new logs system, of which utilizes a
grid system, that feels more usable and was somewhat technically challenging to implement with a scrollbar.

Notgermanbuttonword: I don't quite remember what the purpose of this program was, however, I think that
this was one of the first programs that I started using Java GUI elements, such as JButtons, JTextAreas,
and JTextFields.

Password Management: This program does seem to have unhandled exceptions, however, this was my first attempt
at trying to make a personal password manager. I used a SHA1 algorithm with a key length of 160 and a 8 byte
salt, of which I felt was sufficient for the time and use case. Overall, this was a test platform for 
learning the basics of encryption, as I encountered a few hurdles in the implementation, as well as time
contraints (since this was one of my pre-scheduled projects out of many), of which lead to me not finishing
the storage aspects. 

SnekGame: I decided to try to make a snake game as a pre-scheduled project. As a part of it, I designed
some meh pixel art, as well as a board for playing the game on. I managed to develop most of the logic
behind the game, such as the positioning of each part of the snake, and their rotation, but I wasn't able
to figure out a way to animate everything using JLabels. It was very possible that the approach that I was
taking towards the animations was incorrect, however. Honestly, what these pre-scheduled projects taught
was that you are very likely to underestimate the scope and time required for projects, especially when
you are planning and have no idea about all the technical aspects of the project are (as was the case for
basically all of these pre-scheduled projects)

Web Search: I am currently lacking the external libraries required for this (jsoup) on my current computer,
but This was basically an exercise in HTML scraping, where I was experimenting with web scraping and
learning more about it and it's applications/risks. I think I did have a few attempts at scraping major
sites, however, I mainly focused on our class website, as I didn't want to make too many requests to
external websites. 


